todo.md, before:

https://medium.com/@christianinyekaka/building-a-rest-api-with-typescript-express-typeorm-authentication-authorization-and-postgres-e87d07d1af08
https://app.eraser.io/workspace/Jlv1BlfjtZrHwDeuB51S
https://dev.to/itsnikhil/architecting-discord-bot-the-right-way-383e
https://muniftanjim.dev/blog/basic-middleware-pattern-in-javascript/


TODO:
- [x] Discord handlers
- [ ] Slack handlers
- [ ] REST handlers
- [x] Common command format
- [ ] Generic commands from other bots
- [ ] Stripe payment system
- [ ] Human check:
    - [ ] Captcha
    - [ ] Email verification
    - [ ] Retype secret
- [ ] Active pull server status
- [ ] Sharding
- [ ] Rust interop?
- [ ] Web dashboard
- [ ] Add embed handling
- [x] Unify event interface
- [ ] Mixins ?
- [ ] Unify command and event handler because they share to much in common( partially done )
- [ ] common_discord should be just part of generic handler as loading commands is similar regardless of platform like slack, discord, etc.
- [ ] Todo replace list of commands and events with key-value pairs to cleanup code and improve efficency

Commit message:

Preparation for express/slack handlers

todo.md, after:

https://medium.com/@christianinyekaka/building-a-rest-api-with-typescript-express-typeorm-authentication-authorization-and-postgres-e87d07d1af08
https://app.eraser.io/workspace/Jlv1BlfjtZrHwDeuB51S
https://dev.to/itsnikhil/architecting-discord-bot-the-right-way-383e
https://muniftanjim.dev/blog/basic-middleware-pattern-in-javascript/

TODO:

- [x] Discord handlers
- [ ] Slack handlers
- [ ] REST handlers
- [x] Common command format
- [ ] Generic commands from other bots
- [ ] Stripe payment system
- [ ] Human check:
  - [ ] Captcha
  - [ ] Email verification
  - [ ] Retype secret
- [ ] Active pull server status
- [ ] Sharding
- [ ] Rust interop?
- [ ] Web dashboard
- [ ] Add embed handling
- [x] Unify event interface
- [ ] Mixins ?
- [ ] Unify command and event handler because they share to much in common( partially done )
- [ ] common_discord should be just part of generic handler as loading commands is similar regardless of platform like slack, discord, etc.
- [ ] Todo replace list of commands and events with key-value pairs to cleanup code and improve efficency
- [ ] Auto generate slack bot yaml for simple commands
